Until what point should you fight to capture Kyiv, capture Berlin, capture London, that is, where should be your Victory? Your Victory will take place only at the moment when Ukraine abandons its applicants for membership in NATO and the European Union this time And when it no longer aspires to the conquered territories are the Donetsk Lugansk Republic Hello Great Where are you from Your microphone is not working Where are you from where you got the sound added Normal Where are you from ration I'm from Rostov I live in California 18 years from now it will be from where California Sacramento California for America you're like yes And what city in Russia are you from? From Irkutsk, my dad served there, he said it was tough there, he said there could bears come into the city, in short, yes, they still come in, and he says there is a problem like there were always no roads, now there are no roads, well, I answer, you can’t invent a road on purpose I’ve been driving a Japanese foreign car for like 5 years without any repairs, Mamai’s are cool. Not really, you’re a very positive character, you talk to the roads, you don’t have any problems anymore, yes. Well, at least Vladivostok, Moscow, no. Yes, no problems either, no problems with fools, in short, everyone’s a fool, Dude you're in short you're bing today's stream Listen to your name Let's talk normally Alexander Yes Alexander Listen I look I'm actually from Rostov Yes but I live in Sacramento question for you What do you think In Russia people live poor or rich Well you know how I'll tell you I'll tell you how 30 37 years Yeah, I’m a military man, I served 18 years in the army Yeah, for me I’ve never lived poorly, I’ve always had money and so on, I could afford what I want now about serving 18 years in the army I have two apartments with a mortgage at a small percentage get yourself a car Toyota cler Gotz 2001 She is 23 years old Japanese but she looks a very good car 23 years old this is a good car if 23 and even if you understand a little about the Japanese automobile industry you should know why cars from 1999 to 2005 are valued for what I don’t understand the thickness of the metal, firstly, the thickness of the metal in those years was higher, that is, a door made in 2022 and a door made in 2001 will differ in the thickness of the metal, this is the most important factor, that is, and that’s why you don’t buy a new car simply because no I bought myself a new car I bought myself a new car Toyota chr from 1818 with mileage 90,000 Yeah I was even more amazed at what the Japanese can do, it’s an excellent car that runs on our roads for another five years That’s for sure a very good and maneuverable car about one and a half Milna, it cost me from Japan to bring her to Russia, that was a year ago, a year and a half ago, now the prices are a little different, now the prices for you are no longer in the army. No, I’m still in the army. Why aren’t you serving now? Well, it’s evening for me. I'm on vacation Well, you're not on vacation, you're in Irkutsk, yes, it's somehow unclear there And what's not on vacation And I've been on s already Well, like that, everything is calm there, everything is fine Well, how calm Wow, rockets are flying, grenades are exploding No, well, there are different areas there, there are different areas where the war is going on. Everyone who goes where will end up. And where did you end up? Well, you ended up in the border area. Well, that’s where exactly there is a big name, there’s a lot of everything in the border area, I won’t disclose on the Internet exactly where I went as a Russian. to a Russian you can say no, you can’t have an American flag behind your back I won’t tell you anything at all, too, that’s right, then suddenly I’m an American spy Truth Of course Agent of the State Department The agent could have captured Kyiv in 3 days Yes, and so it has been for 3 years In short, something is tormenting why This is the kind of war we have in general. Uh-huh Well, because a very large supply comes from the collective West from America, large taxes. Yes, it is precisely the equipment and precisely the monetary equivalent for restoring the energy system's capacity to fight at the expense of other states, but everyone gets nothing from it. money is pumping pumping Well, yes, why are you fighting, why are you spending so much money on the war, why are you fighting, we won’t fight? It’s just that you are just using the same money for this Ukraine and we are already forming a concrete Alliance this way and that way. So you’re saying that from - because it started, they are now pouring money into Ukraine, and you know which states border on Russia besides Ukraine? Well, Belarus Latvia Lithuania Estonia Finland Kazakhstan China And so on there is a lot of everything Well, look Latvia Yes, Lithuania joined NATO Estonia is a new Finland in NATO already in NATO they border on Russia, and if we had not now shown our ability in general to do something, well, our presentability in this world, so to speak, when would dadada this is exactly what we are talking about, then when would this happen again? And in what way is it presentable? the whole world is watching that Russia is just, well, why do you say that Russia is simply because it is a nuclear power when Ukraine has now captured part of the Kursk region and Russia could not do anything to it, it’s all a shame Yeah, what a shame you are, what are you allowing yourself? Yes, I allow you to protest, please, when it’s a nuclear power will speak with a nuclear power, there will be completely different conversations. And when a country like Ukraine speaks, I don’t give any political hints, well, look, I, as a representative, will speak the same language. Well, look, I’m a representative of the United States of America. Yes, we gave instructions to Ukraine. we allow you to attack the Kursk region Russia is simply weak can’t do anything the Ukrainians attacked captured part of the Kursk region and Russia everything Russia And here you are How simple Yes, yes, everything is so simple for you, well, you mean you’re a stupid person, why Well, because you at least you don’t understand where the financial flows are directed when such instructions are given where to seize the Kursk region and so on. And what is this aimed at, tell me what? Well, firstly, this is the further promotion of the propaganda of the Kyiv regime for the so-called defense of their country and for the further defense of their interests where it will be possible to further send military equipment once again Propaganda for the defense of one’s country and defending one’s interests is this really bad? It’s good to spend money. In short, once again I’m not on your wavelength. Let’s settle Russia and so on, yes. Well, look, because Russia got involved in a war Now they are weakening it, it turns out the question is that it didn’t get involved, it started this one, it started Yes, it started Look, until what moment do you have to fight to capture Kiev, capture Berlin, capture London, that is, where should be your Victory? Soybean Victory at the moment when Ukraine refuses abandons its contenders this is the time to join NATO and the European Union. And when it does not lay claim to the already conquered territories, this is the Donetsk Lugansk Republic. Well, okay, how will you force Ukraine to do? Ukraine does not agree; on the contrary, Ukraine is seizing your territory already in the Kursk region; this will be a long military conflict. Well, already exhausted now to protect look before your troops stood near Kiev Yes now you were thrown out of there, kicked out of Kherson, kicked out of the Kharkov region now you will be thrown out that now Russia when 2 years ago 2 s to Russia stood with troops near Kiev And now Ukraine stands with troops near Kursk you understand difference Don’t compare those events And today’s is How to compare the thumb of the right hand with the right little finger of the left Well yes Well look then there was such a finger now such Ukrainian troops in the Kursk region de facto and Russia since August 6 it’s already October I’m looking at the American American military blogger Peter Jackson Yes, he does reviews of Tera Jackson dxo you watched it, of course, what channels have you seen? well, disappointing positions about Ukraine, he’s a story Cool, yes, I actually came up with Peter Jackson - this is the director of the film series about the authorities of Lin of the Rings, I just came up with Peter Jackson and you’ve already watched his news, turns out it’s cool Peter Jackson, I mean I mixed up a little with the names, that is, this the military observer is Michael Jackson and Peter Jackson is the director, definitely Michael Jackson, I don’t pay attention, small Jackson Yes, he’s an American blogger, so you watched him on YouTube or in IU, that’s what he said last Well, the fact is that Ukraine doesn’t have very conscientious people there, oh in the sense that they are not conscientious and not benevolent forecasts And that Well, more specifically, Well, the fact that they ended up under one settlement in the floor and under the second in a cauldron Well, that is, in short, it seems like a lot of pain Now I’ll even say Wait Which channels are more respectable in nature Look I am you scammed by Michael Jackson It was a singer And this is Michael Jordan the columnist is not Michael Jordan - it’s actually a basketball player Oh wow, he’s not No, well, with Jem Richard, of course it worked out with Jack Richar Mal Jackson is a dancer Who else is Michael who is basketball and I confused him with who he is there uh and with Exxon for sure yes with Exxon about with Erikson Yes in general there is a lot that can be done with Exxon Dude you are sitting in Russian against the background of the American flag You don’t have to pay more taxes so that more weapons are supplied to Ukraine In short, you are purely breaking through the money, as it were to you, I’m for the Motherland I’m for the Motherland I’m offended that it’s okay for my homeland that my homeland Russia is occupied by people like that Well, in short, you’re lying in general Yes, as if for this democracy, yes, I’m for democracy, you’re not against democracy Yes, I’m for democracy And you I’m against democracy in my soul, here you are, you’re against democracy, you’re just now, I understand correctly, you’re against democracy Yes, well, as if it’s real Just tell me what you are for, I’m for democracy Yes, in short, these Russians were picketing here from here I’m in short, I’m for democracy And you are for democracy Well, you are against Russia there yes yes against Russia because Russia is the state yes yes you And when was the last time you were there you have a photo of Grandfather who fought show me you don’t have a photo of Grandfather I’ll do it now for you nothing for now because you Yes, you hid Grandfather's photo, you're embarrassed, you are forbidden to have Grandfather's photo at home Yes, you or whatever you have, show not the flag of the Soviet Union, show at least something that you have, everything is American, the stove is American, Yes, the furniture is American, everything is American, yes, you're a bro. do you really think so Show me what Russian you have left Yes, what do you call me Do you hear me because you live in a state You have the Vlasov flag The Vlasov Tricolor of our grandfathers during the Soviet Union, look Show me what you have Russian Show me yes Here I am sitting Russian you see Yes, and your roads are Russian, everything is correct, I trade from any state, I’ll buy it, I bought myself a machine from the Chinese, I bought a machine from the Americans, I made one thing there using these machines. I have a set of tools lying around. Do you hear? those And what do you have from Russia, that you have nothing from Russia? Look, the state robbed people, even nothing from Russia, during the Soviet Union, machines were not brought from Germany from China, but the Soviet Union made machines. And you can’t even produce machines, you know what you’ll do you now Switch what you are Switch Show me what you have Russian You don’t even have a portrait of your grandfather You don’t have a Russian flag You don’t even have a St. George’s ribbon You forgot your ancestors You just remember your grandfathers You just understand because you come on look what this is You know what faceted is glass, do you know where it came from? I have no idea. In the year 900 there was a Nikolai Bukharin who had a factory for the production of such faceted glasses and it was called after Nikolai Bukharin When Stalin under Stalin Nikolai Bukharin when he had such moments Stalin shot a lot of them people's figures There's so much left of this plant, it's as if the name was taken away from the plant named after Nikolai Bukharin, but they didn't stop producing cups. And they were already nicknamed them at one time. Well, the cup is Bukharik, and from there the word swell, swell, and so on, and so on until our time. and the factory has reached the factory for a long time, there are no such cut cups and they continue to be Bukhari kami and those people who drink alcohol also call them Bukhariki So that is, everything that you when the secondary school, what do you have Did you remember the lecture about Bukhariki yes yes Well, I’ll just shut you down from you because you started to carry such an honest word achievement of the country to drink in short from the glasses that were developed damn it 100 years ago we it and so on it did not exist the democracy of America is superior then you get on with a cut glass Oh well you Agree you hear again I'm reviewing me, I'll start to be rude, I understand the rear, yes you see And you can't do anything, you're like I can't answer anything from mine after those words I'll tell you now, there will be absolutely nothing left. Come on, what is it, I went to defend my people from Donbass, which in the twelfth year, at the direction of some forces there, I don’t know any groups there, and so on, the Maidan happened, yes, the Maidan happened, and so on there they supported this aggression in Donetsk, Lugansk, they slowly started some laws against the Russian language introduce so that there is no Russian-speaking person in school Well, and so on, little by little you understand little by little From the West, ours started this on time, they got wind of this, they started this special operation, it’s a pity Ukraine is a bargaining chip Ukraine and these I’m not talking about women, I’m not talking about men about children who found themselves in this situation And I’m talking about those who controlled it and who subsequently inspired soldiers to go for this regime for this truth, that the occupiers are Russian and Ukrainians are not only From what city from Irkutsk are you going all the way to Ukraine for several thousand kilometers of people you ask questions like these too, you understand why a Ukrainian who lives in the south of Ukraine is there in some city for Ukraine once again Look you attacked Napa, we lived peacefully in short Why did you attack Ukraine a referendum took place Donetsk Lugansk as part of the Russian Federation, all this is my homeland, I will go to defend it, the logic is as simple as five fingers How old are you 38 3 like those nave Yes, how many years of education have you completed 11 higher education Who are you by higher education Ministry of Emergency Situations understood higher education Ministry of Emergency Situations nay education Yes of course I understood the candidate of the Ministry of Emergency Situations their sciences are not there Doctor Bachelor Bachelor of the Ministry of Emergency Situations understood well, such a bachelor studied for 5 years paid for travel there Hali science anyhow If only I didn’t say anything about this for the emergency situation I understood well I can sort it out How much will be 7 Uno for 8 56 dear friend what do you want me to say right well done I I just checked whether we’re talking about long-distance conversations or just in general I’m just in your opinion, in my opinion, you’ve already provoked it twice so harshly and you’re sitting there and it’s still fine. Where are you stuck? We called on the phone of such a character, we’ve lost just the original one, everything’s frozen BC it’s just that when it’s a joke, two problems are not expensive, we have normal ones. I realized that it would be very interesting. Yes, of course, the population’s problem is not that the problem is that through this stupidity of theirs they are taken to defend some kind of referendum of Donbass. And so on, a fictitious picture is inserted into the heads and these stupid ones, you see it’s simple. That is, some kind of re-education won’t help here, re-training, all this is such biological, socially developed material to reprogram already Yes, with these foundations Duck squeak komen and send this video to your friends so very politely Hi tse VS bachat denouncing Russia write on th Instagram I don’t know why tse tob for why else there to marvel at otsey th face Ale for you tse one two or three clicks Ale you trime me and I will KZA in me there Kupa fouls and in I'll be in a great mood, let me check you out N